From the curiously named Hollywood Theater in Portland, Oregon,
Harmontown, now in possession.
Would you please join me?
Welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harp.
Thank you.
Thank you, Portland.
Wow, it's cavernous.
This is cavernous.
It's good, though.
Dan?
Yeah.
Could I ask you a personal question?
Have you been drinking today?
A little bit.
All right.
I just want to get through the Evernote list.
So a guy I met at a bar today.
It was his 25th birthday.
And I bought him a drink.
And he was turning 25.
So I said, man, you got to do all your shit.
25.
I'm 42.
It's a bunch of stuff.
Every day, I think I say, well, if I was 25, I'd do this or that.
So you got to do everything.
And he said, yeah.
It's like, yeah, you got to go intertubing with sluts.
That's what he said.
And I wrote it down.
He said, I fucked that up.
He said, intertubing with hot sluts.
So he distinguishes those ugly sluts that you don't want to go intertubing with.
Yeah.
I thought Portland might enjoy that.
Do people still intertube here?
Like, do you guys go to, do you guys do it with hot sluts?
Does that make it better?
What's the river here?
Is it the chutes, right?
You got the chutes here?
Is it the Cooch River?
Willameth.
But you guys have hot sluts here, but you don't.
They're not more important than the regular sluts, are they?
And they're not better at intertubing.
Right?
I don't know.
Ask that kid.
Hot sluts.
Intertubing with hot sluts.
All right.
The last thing on my list.
The last thing on my two-item list is, well, I mean, there's another, there's a side note,
which is a Twitter corner.
Does Twitter corner have a theme?
Twitter corner.
If you have something to say to me and you can fit it in a tweet, say it.
If it takes nine tweets, say it somewhere else.
That's it.
I thought that might resonate.
No one wants that in their feed.
Like the guy with the parentheses, the eight out of nine guy.
And first of all, feminism in the early 90s.
Buddy, it's Twitter.
It's a bumper sticker.
Just say you like women.
You don't have to say it nine times.
Or write a blog.
No one will read it.
That's the point.
So, I mean, just don't, I'm blocking everyone now.
I block, I block, I block.
How many a day?
How many, how many blocks?
I block, I block more people than healthy people eat kale.
I block, I block, I get up in the morning and I block.
I start blocking.
I just block.
That's the end of that corner.
All right.
So, a guy at the bar across the street.
What was it?
The Queen Moon in six pence?
What's that place called?
The Moon in six pence or something?
There was a guy.
So, obviously, because I'm doing a show here,
some of you were drinking there tonight.
And a lot of you came up to me and were very friendly to me
and told me that you like me.
And it was very wonderful.
And I enjoy it.
And I love your city.
And I love you.
And there was a guy sitting next to me at the bar who, like,
three hours ago, obviously, I've been drinking for six hours.
And the guy the entire time was like, he was just this guy.
And he kept going like, what do you do?
And it's like, I do a podcast.
That's why they're saying these nice things to me.
What's a podcast?
Well, it's a thing.
And I have to explain it.
And he's like, so it's like radio?
No, it's not.
I mean, yes, it's like radio.
Fine, done.
Forget it.
All you have to do is stop talking to me.
And your troubles will be over.
You don't have to.
And he's like, so why are you famous, though?
And I'm like, I'm not famous.
I'm not.
They're experiencing people coming up to me in this bar
two blocks from the venue.
They're excited to see the show.
They're getting a drink before they go and line up.
I'm not famous.
I'm as famous as you are, kind of.
Like if you, like wherever you work,
if a lot of people worked there,
and you were going to do karaoke,
like that's what's happening.
Well, what's your name?
My name is Dan Harmon.
What do you spell it?
It's fucking, god damn it.
What the fuck?
I'm not allowed to do this to other people.
H-A-R-M-O-N.
Well, I'm going to ask my son.
My son's in college.
Would my son hear of you?
I bet your fucking ass he has, motherfucker.
Because I made an awesome...
That's how good I am at karaoke.
Your son.
Yeah, I crossed the line there.
I was like, I bet your son has.
But then it was three hours later, the guy's like,
well, I asked my son and he said,
I Googled him and I never heard of him.
Fuck you.
I don't know why I'm telling this story,
but I just, I was like,
I didn't never knew I wanted to be famous
until I talked to this guy.
It wasn't even a thing in my mind.
The guy wants to be, clearly he wants to be famous,
or his son does.
I don't know.
I'm just saying.
Like, I was fine until I talked to that guy.
I found the first dickhead in Portland is my story.
I love Portland.
It's so fun here.
We have to fly out.
Fuck Portland.
Fuck this city!
Let's burn this shit whole down!
Fuck Portland!
Let's hold and not get face tattoos.
There's a lot of face tattoos here.
Hey, hey, Portland,
you guys have all seen Human Centipede 3, right?
I did.
I watched it.
Wait, there's a 3?
Yeah, there's a 3.
What happens in 3?
In the third one.
This was on my list of shit to talk about.
Okay, so Human Centipede 3.
How many people have seen Human Centipede 1?
I got some.
Is that a good 15% of the people here?
Yeah, that was the 8%.
How many people have seen Human Centipede 1 and 2?
Just as a side note,
how many people have seen Human Centipede 2,
but not Human Centipede 1?
It just jumped to the middle of the saga.
Okay, no hands, no hands.
So clearly there's a linear appeal.
It's like Game of Thrones.
Number 2 really is the Empire Strikes Back of the Horses.
Yeah, you don't want to,
you don't just jump in the middle.
Okay, we know that.
That's important for the research.
Human Centipede 3, anybody see it?
Okay, a couple, one hand, one hand.
The guy from the first movie,
the guy from the first movie
is a prison warden in the third movie.
And every movie adds more people.
Like, there's three people in the first one.
There's like 24 people, I think, in the second one.
And then this one's like a prison.
It's like 500 people.
So the guy from the first movie is a warden.
He's a prison warden, Jeff.
And he doesn't know how to run his prison.
So what does he do?
Does he try to seek some solution to his prison problems?
He has this accountant who keeps telling him,
like, I'm telling you,
and the accountant keeps showing him the first...
We're feeding them too much and there's too much poop.
He keeps showing them the first two human centipedes.
We have to cut down on the food and the poop wastes.
The five people who raised their hands
know that the human centipede saga
has a weird meta thing going through it,
where in each movie,
each movie is about someone who's watched the previous movie.
So the third movie is about a prison warden
who is being told by his accountant
who has seen both of the previous movies
that this is the way to go.
And the prison warden is played by the same guy
that played the doctor in the first movie,
the guy who's like, yes, poop your diarrhea
in the mouth behind you.
Yes, I'm a doctor.
I love watching people poop into each other.
That guy's a Texas warden in the third movie,
and his accountant says, and I wrote it down,
this is the defining moment,
45 minutes into human centipede three.
This is after we've watched the doctor try to castrate people,
and he tries everything he can think of to be a good warden,
and the accountant keeps going,
like, I'm telling you,
and he keeps holding up the human centipede movies,
and the warden keeps going, that's stupid,
and you're supposed to be like, this movie is so self-aware.
45 minutes into it,
but it's not self-aware enough to not exist,
which would be a truly, like, that would be a move on its part.
It would be like, oh, I understand,
this movie shouldn't exist,
but instead, the accountant, so I wrote this down,
the accountant gets very frustrated, Jeff.
He loses his cool at 45 minutes.
45 minutes of castration and rape and horrible,
like, just terrible, like, Eli Roth, like, shit.
Were mid-second acts or late-second acts here?
Well, I mean, let's be serious.
Structure eludes the human centipede.
What would Joseph Campbell call this scene?
I think Joseph Campbell would say,
like the people in the movie,
like, human centipede movies themselves,
like, experiment with what defines a movie.
Like, the whole point of the movie is,
oh, could you poop into a mouth?
And I don't think a story even...
How many people are pooping into how many mouths
in the third one?
Like, I told you, 500.
500 people?
It's a prison full of people.
But it seems like, wouldn't the food,
as the body digests whatever food comes through it,
it would get less and less...
No, there's this focus in the movie
about how medically accurate it is.
Like, and I can't tell...
I can't tell if the director is, like, for real or not.
I can't tell...
Everything's very tongue-in-cheek,
but the tongue is, like, poking through the cheek
and there's, like, a butt hole where the tongue is
in the cheek.
Like, I don't know...
I don't know what...
I don't know if the guy's, like...
The movie is nothing if not tongue-in-cheek.
It's all about being tongue-in-cheek.
So, I have no idea.
So I've watched all three of them.
And at one point in the third movie,
the accountant at the prison,
he gets so fed up.
45 minutes into the hour...
I think it's a 90-minute movie.
Halfway through the movie.
Putting this on a structural levels
of the first Hulk movie,
where the Hulk appears, like, in the third act.
This guy, the accountant, like, goes, like...
And he just throws, like, a Ned Beatty in network fit.
Like, he does a little monologue.
And he goes...
And I wrote it down.
I backed it up and I transcribed his monologue.
And he says...
By the way, the accountant is the guy
from Human Centipede 2.
For those eight people who watched the second one,
the guy in the black-and-white Human Centipede 2,
which is the more pulpy, noirish one,
he plays the accountant.
So, and he goes...
I have been trying to tell you for days now.
I have the answer to all our problems.
We've got to make a Human Centipede of our prisoners.
Sone ass to mouth.
Sharing one digestive system.
No more prison fights.
No more assaults on guards.
No more disrespect.
They will literally be on their knees,
begging you for mercy.
And it's the ultimate deterrent
for those considering a career in crime.
That should be the crawl at the beginning of the movie.
That should be the voiceover during the trailer.
I hadn't shared that before, right?
What's that?
Okay.
I don't know.
The show's an alcoholic.
I like your new glasses, Dad.
That's it.
I got nothing.
From now on, we're free-wheeling.
Oh.
I got glasses.
My eyeballs are not perfectly round.
Big deal.
So, they told me...
For those not watching,
Dan can't lift the mic higher in the mic stand.
Well, it's tight and I couldn't loosen it.
So, my eyeballs aren't perfectly round.
So, when I look far away,
like when I look at these people who came to the show late,
I can't see, I guess, a pixel perfect.
I have a one-pixel blur on everything far away.
So, that's what these glasses are for.
You look good, though.
That's why I'm wearing them.
It's not because it improves anything.
I told you earlier, I said,
this Dan, the bespectacled Dan,
is the Dan that will write movies.
I've started to notice that people are treating me different.
And so, I'm now trapped in these glasses
that actually make it very hard to function,
like, within eight feet.
Like, I'm, like, tripping over things,
but I'm like, everyone likes me now.
And I'm not kidding.
It's not a joke.
I can see, okay, oh, look at that speaker.
It's black.
But the real thing is that bartenders are nice to me now.
That's it.
It's like a disguise.
I'm thinking, like, maybe I should...
I don't know.
I don't need glasses.
I have 20-20 vision.
All right.
So, I want to...
What I would like to do is...
I'd like to do a little experiment.
I'd like to take off all my clothes...
and show you my dick.
And I'd like to ask you
if it's big.
And I'd like you to lie to me.
I'd like you to say it's big.
And the reason I want you to do that
is because I think it's small.
And I don't want to live in that world.
So it's not so much an experiment,
as it is just sort of an exercise in my dishonesty.
I'm ashamed of my tiny penis.
Would you say tiny?
Is it freak show tiny or is it just regular...
Well, define freak show tiny.
I don't know.
We live in a world where nobody knows about each other's dicks.
Like, we don't know what's going on.
We've created a whole mythology.
I don't know.
We watch movies about guys with giant monster dicks.
Are those regular-sized dicks?
Yeah, see?
I mean...
I don't...
What are those?
Are they giant dicks?
Are those regular-sized dicks?
No, thank you.
I don't know.
And women are also kind of pseudo-conditioned
to like, they know how fucked up we are about it,
so they're also not honest about it.
They're like, they know that they're not supposed to say
whether they know if a dick is small or not.
Admit it, right?
You guys learned that early on in your life.
Like, eight years old, you learned to lie about dicks.
And men are also like, lie about my dick.
None of us in this room know what a dick is supposed to look like.
There's no...
Who here thinks they have a regular dick?
Raise your hand if you have a regular dick.
There's two guys sitting right next to each other.
Two guys.
Two really well-dressed gentlemen.
Both very...
Your brothers.
Your brothers?
Are you guys twins?
Oh, okay.
Wait, get on stage.
Two brothers with regular dicks.
Regular dick brothers.
You always gotta add if you want to.
Grab water for two mikes, depending on...
I don't want anybody to ever say,
well, I was forced up on stage.
All right, so we're gonna talk about my dick.
First off, what are your names?
Joe.
Joe and?
Ian.
Joe and Ian.
And you guys are very...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You both have nice brown shoes on.
You're both well-dressed.
You're both brothers.
What's the age difference between you guys?
Seven years.
I'm the older.
You're the older.
And you guys, when Dan said,
who thinks they have a regular dick?
As one, both of your hands went up.
As though he asked, what's two plus two?
So what...
Let's talk about all of that.
Okay.
I reckon about six and a half inches is average.
And about the...
All right.
And about...
Let me explain the girth to...
Woman, as we said, no, get up on stage.
Get up on stage.
I'm estimating the girth to be about...
Fair Joe and Ian.
No, lady, come up here.
Because otherwise, we'd either come up or be quiet.
You can't do that.
Yeah.
These guys are heroes.
Seven on a good day when I'm well-hydrated.
And about the girth of a roll of silver dollars.
Wait, what?
Silver dollars with Kennedys.
What?
Kennedy dollars.
The girth on average.
Wait, what?
A roll of silver dollars.
A roll of silver dollars?
Yeah.
And a roll of coins.
How many...
I'm estimating there's about...
The diameter is a silver dollar.
Correct.
Oh, diameter.
A Susan B. Anthony penis.
No.
No, no, no.
Susan B. Anthony.
You're thinking of quarters.
What?
Those are quarters.
How many...
How many silver...
What do you reckon?
What do you reckon the roll of silver dollars is about 50 of them in there?
Pardon?
Oh, no.
50 dollars in the roll of silver dollars?
You guys know you have huge dicks.
That's why you raised your hand.
I estimate average.
They're saying six and a half.
I wouldn't call that a huge dick.
They're saying...
They're calling that median.
And a woman in the back...
And a diameter of a silver dollar.
A woman back there said nip.
She instantly said no dice.
A diameter of a silver dollar.
Her barometer is off.
I'm just gonna guess.
Oh, well, she's not...
She needs recalibration.
You guys are...
You guys have her respect because you're up here, so...
No, okay.
I have three million questions.
I'm gonna start with...
I'm gonna pick one at random.
Do you guys know what each other's dick looks like?
No.
No, not adult.
But you guys both raised...
You guys both raised your hands and didn't even look at the other guy.
You guys both knew that we were...
We were brothers.
We got the same dick.
Genetic confidence.
Well, they didn't...
I mean, I'll jump in and say...
All right, please.
We have a pretty similar mindset.
Yeah.
I think that you influenced me growing up.
Both of you...
Oh, Christ.
By applause.
You're Ian?
I'm Joe.
You're Joe. That's Ian.
That's right.
By applause.
Who thinks Ian has the bigger dick of the two?
I just got a text message, I think.
That's not important.
Yeah, by applause, who thinks Ian has the bigger dick?
That's...
Wow.
All right, well...
I guess I'm fine.
Joe, are they right?
You said Ian twice, which doesn't help.
Right now, he probably does.
So are you guys right now, or are either of you, like, hard?
No.
Because I'm just...
I don't know.
Well, so how do you...
All right.
We've got a lot to talk about today.
I would just say...
Look at body language.
This guy's sitting with legs wide open.
Ian over there got his legs crossed.
Yeah, definitely.
Well...
They're leaning in pants.
Something to hide, or he's afraid of showing how big that fucking dick is with those fucking...
with that tan suit on.
All right.
So I just want to get back to this metric thing.
The diameter of a silver dollar that's upsetting to me.
And tell me about the length.
The length.
Six, six and a half.
What does that mean?
Six and a half silver dollars?
No, no, no.
Inches.
Well, I don't know what that...
What is that?
Half a foot.
I mean...
It's just over half a foot, dad.
I just...
I want to go call Aaron and apologize.
I don't think I have a very big penis.
All right, then.
I think she puts up with a lot.
No.
Well, don't say it like that.
I mean, just...
If I'm telling you that my dick is small, it's small, what you should say is it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
You shouldn't say it right after I tell you to say it.
You should figure out how to convince me of it.
So you guys are brothers and you've never looked at each other's dicks.
The audience thinks that the brother who talks the last and keeps his legs open has a bigger dick.
That's easy to understand.
I didn't realize that's where we landed on that, but all right.
It's...
Is there...
You're not gonna...
You guys won't show us your dicks, will you?
Oh.
We could make podcast history tonight.
I mean, like, that's not...
Am I allowed to ask?
You're probably...
I'm not saying you have to do it.
I think the state of Oregon might have something to say about that.
But I feel like we have a private podcast network.
We're streaming.
I think Aaron's a lucky woman no matter what.
Thank you.
Nigel, thank you.
Someone just...
You'll change the subject.
Joe and Ian, everybody. Joe and Ian, thank you so much for coming out, fellas.
Thank you, guys.
That's been Dick Chalk with Joe and Ian.
Look at this.
Those guys are...
That's a spin-off.
There's something weird going on.
I wanted to believe they're not actually brothers.
I think they're, like, time travelers or...
That's weird.
They drink at the same time.
I think they're, like, maybe a local morning radio show.
Oh, yeah.
Like Mike and Amy.
What's the deal with Mike and Amy?
Oh, yeah.
They're all over town.
Anyways, you guys don't want to see my dick, do you?
Oh.
Oh, you do.
I think you owe it to them, dad.
Ridiculous.
Like, terrible, terrible, terrible society.
Have some respect.
I think we should early on bring up Spencer Crittenden,
because he's, uh...
Oh, yeah.
Super Adventure Brothers.
God Adventure.
Okay, I'm sorry.
So, that human centipede movie...
They don't have any human centipedes
that are, like, a full circuit, do they?
No. No, they never...
See, that's the third fucking movie, right?
The first human centipede, then giant human centipede,
then fucking human centipede
that's rolling all over Manhattan.
Connect it, yeah.
Yeah, it's, you know, it's efficient.
You can move in a circle.
You just have to ab exercises.
You'll be rolling up and down the city,
no crawling around.
It's all communication.
That's what I'd do.
If I had a human centipede.
But I told you guys this...
I'd name it Terry.
Did I talk about a human centipede or any...
Yes?
Yeah.
On the last...
No, just today, just earlier today.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, tonight, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not that fucked up.
Whoa.
Damn.
I meant a week ago.
That scared the shit out of me.
I was like, I did, didn't I?
So, I didn't tell you guys, like,
when they, so Eric Roberts plays the governor
in the third one.
Eric Roberts, which makes him either
the most interesting actor in the world
or obviously in a lot of tax problems.
Like, and he's, he, he, he comes at the...
I don't want to spoil anything, but...
I think it's fine.
But it turns out a bunch of people
get sown ass to mouth in a chain.
And Eric Roberts comes to the prison
and he's the governor and he wants to
know what they've done to solve their problems.
And the guy shows him and he makes this speech,
the doctor, and the warden says,
and he goes, yes, feed, feed!
And then I wrote this monologue down
and he goes, and so Eric Roberts,
since he's gotten to the prison,
has not said a word at all.
Okay.
And he's just, he's just walked in
and it's just Eric Roberts walking
and watching as this guy gives him
a tour of 500 people sown ass to mouth.
And then...
How are those stored exactly?
Is it like zigzag back and forth?
Yeah, it's a, it's a Photoshop, like, of guys.
So they're like looking through a window
or something?
Yeah, it's like a noodle of guys, yeah.
It's a prison yard, it's clearly Photoshopped and it's lame.
So he walks along the chain of them
and he goes, yes, feed!
A Jew behind a Muslim!
A Muslim behind a Jew!
A Republican behind a Mexican!
Whoa!
Arizona?
A Crip behind a blood!
He never, he never counters the Mexican and the Republican.
Peace on Earth!
Goodwill to men!
And then Eric Roberts says his first line, which is,
This is too much.
This is, this is too much,
says Governor Eric Roberts.
This really is the living end.
This is too much.
Anyways, that's, I thought it was a charming film.
I think it's, I'm surprised that you curled up in bed
and watched him in Centipede 3.
Aaron was out of town and I, like, I don't know,
I just, I like watching horror movies when she's out of town
and I've always wondered if you could eat diarrhea.
And if you did, could you poop it into another person's mouth?
And if that person could poop it into another person's mouth?
And if that could, could, could happen for 497 other people?
And what would happen to the 497th person?
Oh, so what happens in the movie?
Like, what happens to those 500?
They don't address it.
They don't address the one thing that you're wondering about,
which is, could this actually happen?
No, I'm not wondering that.
Well, I just, he shows the 500 man Centipede
and then where does he go from there?
They try to escape or what?
No, no.
So, yeah, so he goes home and makes toast or what, what happens?
The protagonist is the prison warden.
Yeah, so what does he do from then on?
Or is that the end?
That's, Eric Roberts looks at it.
Are you guys cool with me spoiling the movie?
It's human Centipede.
Eric Roberts looks at it and goes, this is too much.
And then he says something like, God damn.
That's, and then he leaves.
And that's, the prison warden, like,
shoots the doctor that helped him do it.
Eric Roberts comes back and goes, you know what?
This is the best.
So it's like a Twilight Zone moment with the broken glasses?
Yeah, it's like an O'Henry novel, but with no stakes.
Yeah, like that, because the guy's like,
because Eric Roberts doesn't come back and go,
you know what, this is the best.
What, you shot the doctor.
It doesn't, it doesn't.
Are they trying to rehabilitate the prisoners in any way?
Yes.
Does number 118 eat enough poop or go,
I'm ready to go straight?
Oh, oh, there's another part to it,
which is that the, there's,
what do you do with the death row people
and the life sentence people?
And he made a human, what does he call it?
Human caterpillar, which means he cuts off their arms and legs.
So there's just like, that's just an extra thing.
And I'm going to shock you guys and tell you
it's worth watching this movie,
because I don't, I think they are,
they're in the, you know, labs right now,
smashing particles together,
because they want to know what happens
when you do something terrible, you know,
like we learned about how the universe works,
because you smash two atoms together and it goes,
and they go like, oh, what's that?
It's a quark, it's a sub-boson.
If you're not, if you're,
what are you going to watch Robert Zemeckis movies
your whole life?
You're not going to learn what life is.
You watch Human Centipede.
I think you, you gain some insight into like,
I don't know.
It's not a popular opinion, but
I think it's an important film.
Is it a closed circuit?
The movie?
No, it's on Netflix and,
oh, Jeff.
No, I mean, didn't you say earlier
that there's a ring of people all going in a thing?
No, yeah, there's no, there's a final guy
and he poops, but they never show that part.
There's a front guy that eats?
They never show that part.
They don't show, is that guy's poop extra poopy?
There's no way, there's no way,
no matter how much you fed the first prisoner
that is going to make that food,
it will make it to the 500th guy.
I'm saying the same thing you're saying, yeah.
I feel like the movie is like,
I actually felt in the third one,
I felt like you could feel
like the director's heart wasn't in it.
Like he was just doing it for the fans.
It was season six community kind of like.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's funny because it's true.
They loved it.
I guess.
Thanks guys, thanks.
Did you feel like I sewed the ass of community
to its own mouth enough
until the show was eating poop
and you could let it go?
All right, so, all right,
so here's the thing about tonight's show.
Terrible.
Got nothing, nothing to do,
but from terrible shows,
come terrible pizza.
No.
Okay.
Wishful thinking.
Can we bum people out
and tell them who didn't appear on the show tonight?
Well, we were going to have kid and play,
but they, I think,
yeah, I know.
We were going to have kid and play.
I'm pretty sure.
I feel like play hates kid.
I really do.
I wasn't there.
And I was, like, actually kind of relieved
that they didn't show up
because the tension is unbearable.
I feel like play hates kid.
Play hates kid.
It really does.
That's the God's honest truth.
It's not, it sounds like a joke you'd make.
Do you feel like if kid and or play were out here right now,
that you could hold your own in a rap battle
with either kid or play?
Well, I feel like
if you played a rap beat
for me right now,
I could beat them in a rap battle
because they're not here.
I don't know.
They'll never know.
Should we find out if maybe there's a local freestyle
here that wants to come up in the...
No, no.
I mean, you seem pretty confident right now
that you have the goods.
Just let me lay down a baseline.
But you don't want to know if anyone out here...
Just let me rap.
Party beat beat or do you want something else?
Party beat?
I call it the party beat.
Family.
Alright, let's see what the fuck is it.
Pardon me.
Alright.
There's these...
You rock.
Rock.
When you go to sleep
at night you see
Beep beep.
Toot toot.
Be standing over your bed
with a bee.
Toot toot.
Toot.
Family.
I'm standing over in your bed
holding a bee.
I'm staring at you.
Let's hear some rap now.
Let's hear some rap.
Yo.
Yo, going to your house.
Gonna fuck your mom with a mouse.
Gonna use it as my dick.
Four legs, but it's a stick.
It's a mammal too.
Mama, what you gonna do
doing on your living room floor in your kitchen?
Fuck your mama.
I'm gonna do your dishes afterwards.
Gonna fuck your mama with my turds.
And do my hand.
Shove it up a pussy.
That's terrible.
I'm sorry.
Didn't mean to say that.
My name is MC John.
I'm gonna...
Please hold your applause for the end.
Sorry.
I know you get excited.
My name's MC John,
but just take it easy for a second.
Hold on.
My name is MC John.
I'm gonna mow your lawn.
Fuck your mama.
Fuck your daddy.
Fuck your golf caddy.
Toot toot.
Beep beep.
Fuck your mama on the street.
Fuck your mama like her name was.
Favorite Emmy.
Fuck your mama.
Oh, shit.
Why am I facing this way?
I had my eyes closed the whole time.
I wrapped so hard
that I ended up looking
45 degrees that way.
I think you might have beaten kid,
but not play.
Yeah, one of those guys sucks.
You know it.
All right.
Let's meet some people tonight.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm sorry.
I got so drunk, you guys.
Who's a terrible person?
Who's the worst person ever?
That guy's hands one up first.
It's like a 45 hands one up.
Well, everybody feels like they're a bad person.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'd just like to say anytime
anyone blocks anyone on Twitter,
that person deserved it.
I'm sorry.
All these people, why'd you block me?
I don't know. I'm sure you deserved it.
Well, let's hear his story.
Do you want to come up? Let's work it out.
Let's hear it.
This guy's been blocked by Spencer on Twitter.
Yo, he's blocked by Spencer.
Oh, fuck, fuck.
He can't read my tweet.
Just Spencer. What's your name, sir?
Uh, Mark.
Pardon? Mark. Mark, hello, Mark.
Oh, this guy.
No, I don't know.
It was brief. He doesn't actually remember me.
What did you tweet?
It was during the, uh,
the Ferguson riots.
Yeah, I get worked up over those.
No, neither of us are racist at all.
That's why I kind of feel bad about it,
because we're kind of on the same side,
but, uh,
he tweeted some Martin Luther King
quote that made it sound like
he would have loved the riots
and I disagreed and we got a little argument
and then he was, I didn't even realize
he blocked me until like months later, actually,
and I tried to tweet at him.
That's how I do it. I don't do it right away.
You think everything's cool
and then fuck.
He might not, he might not even have done it that night.
He might have just, I don't know if he was just
thinking about it for a while or what, but
at some point he went back.
It feels like a particular tragedy because
you guys both love Martin Luther King.
You know, I don't think it's a tragedy.
I just think it's life, man.
He's been hurt in and out.
Sometimes he catch a wave, sometimes he catch,
not the beach.
I just think
that life is, okay.
I don't know.
So, uh, I don't, that sounds vaguely familiar.
Here's the thing about Martin Luther King.
He says that people, you know,
riots aren't great, but people only
do it when literally nothing else
has worked thus far.
I think it's pretty valid.
Also, I think that, uh,
we shouldn't be talking about
what Martin Luther King meant
if it's not in the support of black people.
Like maybe he said stuff
that wouldn't support black people in their struggles,
but I'll wait for a black guy to say that,
and that might be racist. I'll admit it.
I guess it's not.
Spencer's admitting he's racist.
What do you have to say?
I actually, I agree with that.
Well, the second point's kind of weird
because he's the one quoting him,
but the first point I agree with,
we weren't able to
to talk about it further.
And you know what? I think that's fine.
I'm fine with the outcome. No offense.
Because you got black, so the
discussion had to cease.
You must have said something fucked up.
Will you accept my apology, Spencer?
What's up? Will you accept my apology?
Oh, yeah. No, it's not like I'm like super upset.
It's just when I block someone, I'm like,
am I going to lose by not
having to see this guy's tweets anymore?
And you know, that's a very high bar.
It honestly is.
I mean, Dan might pass that bar,
but very few people. And Dan's a great
tweeter. He's great on Twitter.
But yeah, it's just that.
It's like if someone makes me,
sends me a tweet that like makes me upset
or sad, it's like, I don't want to feel like
that anymore. Oh wait, I don't have to.
That's my new rule. I don't get on Twitter for this.
That's what I tell people.
And it really isn't personal.
It's just, it's a knee-jerk reaction.
I didn't take it.
Boo! Boo!
No, no, no, no.
I didn't take it personally, but don't,
don't you think that's what isn't at a,
well, maybe not at its best because that can get ugly
and maybe it did, but don't you think
that's what social media should be?
I do not think Twitter is for
discussions of any sort. No, I think it's a
terrible medium for discussing.
I agree with that.
Facebook,
great for yelling at people.
Yeah, Twitter's
like skyriding. You write it in the sky
and it blows away and it's like,
let that be the end of it. Yeah, and if you
feel differently, then you tweet differently.
You don't have to tell a guy he's wrong
on Twitter. Or you could.
I mean, I'm not going to stop you.
He'll block your ass.
Like, your name was...
But isn't that a couple of steps better
than just hashtag that awkward moment
and that kind of stuff? Wait, what?
Wait, what? You know, like just, like,
I think it's at least creating some
discussion, even if it was...
It's just, it's not creating good
discussion. It's creating very vitriolic,
disjointed, hard to follow
discussion that probably drives people
against each other. But I really...
I really want to know what the fucking tweet was,
because I bet you a million dollars in your tweet
was dickish.
It was, I mean, obviously... It was not
fucking... You were not George Poston going like,
no, did we consider this? He's wearing
a Celtic shirt. You know it was fucking dickish, man.
He didn't block you. I'm from Boston.
He didn't block you, because you were like,
oh, have you considered this or that you were...
I don't... I can't quote a verbatim,
but I can pretty much tell you what it said.
He quoted the thing that's, you know, like he said,
he's fully truthful. Martin Luther King
said, when nothing else
writes all that's left, he'll have to do basically.
That's also not verbatim.
But... No, it's not. I've never claimed
it was. And then I said,
I'm not... Something like, I'm not
sure he would have really
said... Because the FBI
murdered him. And then I said,
I'm not sure... You said, wait,
sorry, you said you're not sure that he would
have... That's exactly
what he was saying. And then Spencer said,
fuck off, man, some other stuff.
Did you say fuck off, man?
I might not... I don't know.
All right.
Mark, what's
your Twitter handle so we can all follow you
and then block you the next day?
Do I... Do you really want me to
do... Do you have... You don't have to.
I mean, I... Almost as a social experiment,
I'd like you to see what kind of tweets I get.
Sure, sure. It's totally up to you.
It's at not Penny's boat, but the
O's are zero.
At... It's a lost reference.
It's not... At Nerman's
boat, what? At not
not Penny's boat.
So that's at n0t
p-e-n-n-
y-s-b-0
a-t. Yep. Yeah, that's it.
All right.
All right. Well, thank you
and... Yeah.
Mark, everybody. Mark, thank you, sir.
He deserved it.
And if he...
If he makes sense to you,
you could, like, petition Spencer.
Hey, man, I don't want ill will. Like I said,
I'd block people on Twitter just because I don't
want to feel bad. Yeah.
That's me. Yeah. You're like me.
Yeah. Devin Faracci, you know, he gets a lot
of Twitter hate. He was yelling,
oh, you think that blocking people
who shoot abuse at you
is creating an echo chamber?
Why don't I come and stop
your house from being an echo chamber by
calling your kids pieces of shit every
single second of the day? Yeah.
It's valid.
Why does anybody on Twitter
get on Twitter?
For me?
So does everyone... Is Twitter, like...
Pug pictures.
Is part of the slogan of Twitter,
confront your...
Good front-year hero.
Confront your hypocrisy. Get on Twitter.
That's why everyone's on Twitter, right?
Because it's a big opportunity to be told
you're a piece of shit, right?
That's why everyone with 130
followers gets on Twitter, because they
love hearing that they're a big, giant piece
of shit every day. And just to be clear,
that's not this guy's crime. He was much more reasonable.
No, I'm sure. Yeah, I know.
I find that Twitter is the perfect
place to tell me
that they don't like what I'm doing with
Teen Wolf on MTV.
Is there anybody...
This is an interesting segment. Is there anybody
here in Portland that...
Have I blocked anybody that,
I don't know, felt
unfairly blocked or...
Okay, good. That's nice. It's Portland, see?
They're all cool.
Say what?
I've blocked people who try to tell me that
they're from Asia.
You've blocked people
who try to tell you that
Hitler was an atheist. Why do people keep
telling you that?
Do you
run some kind of Hitler museum?
No, I'm telling you.
What sort of God-fearing man?
What sort of garden have you
killed that makes that flower grow?
Also, that was
such a sticking point for you that you yelled it out
in an almost totally unrelated context.
We're like, speaking of the Internet,
which
is fine. You're fine.
We should all
block people who try to convince us that
Hitler was an atheist.
Because that seems like a terrible waste of time.
You should never try to convince anybody that Hitler was anything.
He was into the occult
and all sorts of weird shit, right?
Wait, so are you...
Are you saying that Hitler's an atheist?
No, no, he's saying Hitler's not.
Sounds like what you're saying, bro.
That's what he's saying, though, right?
Sounds like what you're saying, man.
He thinks he protests too much about Hitler's atheism.
No, obviously, Hitler was a Catholic, right?
Yeah, like all of us.
He was Church of England all the way, man.
Church of England?
He was COE all the way.
Also, Hitler didn't drink,
but there's a picture of him with a frenet bronca
in front of him.
He drank a frenet bronca before every speech,
apparently, to settle his nerves.
So, you know, he also drank.
Didn't he do coke?
I always imagine him doing coke before those speeches.
Hitler used to do coke
off Rommel's tits
before every speech.
All right, speaking of Hitler,
is...
Hey, Malcolm, are you out there?
Where are you, Malcolm? Is that you?
He's there.
Would you be willing to come up here
and be made a little bit of fun of?
All right, Malcolm, come up here.
The crowd says, yes.
This is Malcolm.
Malcolm is 11 years old.
Malcolm was...
Here, grab one of these microphones.
Malcolm, you're 11?
Well, no, I'm being facetious.
Malcolm is a star child
who was put in charge of me.
You're like an intern
or a volunteer that works for the festival?
No.
Okay.
I already like Malcolm.
First of all,
as I keep telling you, calm down.
So, okay,
you're not a volunteer for the festival?
Well, I offered to be a volunteer
and I showed up and was asked to,
if you need anything,
get you that thing.
Is this Mike on or is he being that subtle?
No, he's not doing a bit.
This is why I bring him up.
He's holding the mic far away.
Your parents...
It's not on the directional.
Conceived.
It's a callback to last week.
Your parents were both on Xanax
when you were conceived.
It's my theory.
He's inflappable.
He's like Rico Kasich
with other pizzazz.
You don't have...
Malcolm, I've not met you.
I have no horse in this race.
I didn't hear what you said,
but you said it very softly.
You offered to be a volunteer,
but then what happened?
I showed up as a
maybe volunteer
and they asked me to,
if you need anything,
get you that thing.
I still have no idea
what's going on.
They asked you to be a volunteer
and then...
Are you mad?
Or happy right now?
Do you know what those words mean?
Dan, how did you guys meet?
What's your origin story with Malcolm?
This is it.
I wanted to share. This is interesting.
How did you first...
You've been told you're interesting, right?
Like...
You're not...
You don't feel bullied right now, right?
That would not be the thing I would want to do.
You can't be so...
You feel celebrated because that is what I want to do.
I think we're all on Malcolm's side right now.
Yes. He's the hero.
We all want to know
what is happening in your bloodstream.
How do we get this way?
Hemoglobin.
It's true.
I think he doesn't have adrenaline.
Oh, sorry.
You don't have adrenaline. That's the working theory.
You don't have an adrenaline gland.
See?
Since you were a good sport
and came up here and were exploited,
is there a...
But I almost hesitate to ask this
because I feel like it's going to backfire.
Is there an ambition that you have?
Nope.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What do you think he's going to say?
I want to be a veterinarian.
I love animals.
Where did you guys first meet?
He was assigned to me by the festival.
In what capacity?
Anything you need, Malcolm will get it.
Right?
You're an adult and you haven't needed anything.
I haven't really needed a lot.
You got this.
Right. A little bit of Kettle One.
I know how that is.
Malcolm, how old are you if we may ask?
Twenty-two.
That's the best answer you could have said.
Malcolm,
what's the thing
that gets you out of bed in the morning
and puts you to sleep at night?
Do you have an overwriting passion like music
or literature
or a certain love of your life of any sort?
Are you this self-contained at all times?
I guess I'm just not ready to die yet.
Was that an answer to the question?
It's an important thing to say.
No question.
I'm not ready to die yet.
Malcolm, is that your way of saying that you're afraid to die?
Oh, yes.
Oh, that's great.
You do have fear.
Okay, Malcolm, let me follow up on that.
Is there something that you're afraid
before you die that you didn't do
or didn't see or accomplish or experience?
No.
Is there a specific way you're afraid to die?
Would you rather burn to death or drown?
Drown.
Yeah.
Why?
I feel like the point of losing consciousness
would occur sooner.
Malcolm, are you in a band?
Because if not, you need to be in a fucking band.
And also, I want to be in that band.
What's the band?
Do you play anything?
Are you musical at all?
No.
If you could play an instrument,
what would you pick?
It's a piano.
Why would you say it like that?
Are you a Bill Hader character?
Is there any truth, sir,
to the allegations that you are in fact a Bill Hader character?
You seem like...
All right.
So you're 22.
You're not ready to die
because you're afraid to die,
but not because you would regret
not having done something.
But you want to live.
You want to be.
You want to exist.
I guess I'll go do a thing.
Is there anything that makes you laugh out loud?
Do you have any point in the day
or the week or the month
like Belly laughs at anything?
What makes you laugh?
Anything in particular or just the random things?
All right. Cool. Mo for me.
See, this is what I've suspected.
What?
This is what I've suspected.
He's answering different questions
than the one being asked.
I didn't hear what you said.
He said more for me.
More for me? More comedy for you?
That's what I'm saying.
He's like a
sort of like Dao De Jing
kind of like your mind comes to a halt.
What if he can see
the future like and he sees like
questions before you ask him
and that's what's taken him so long to figure it all out.
You asked me
what would make me laugh and I said a thing
and I don't know if you know this but I laughed.
More for him. More
for you then.
All right. Well, I mean
I like this guy.
Malcolm
because you see him
and this is not like
I like you on site. I like you
all the way through this whole thing.
You seem like a cool dude.
Whatever it is you're hiding, I don't think you're hiding much.
I mean
I think whatever
it is you're concealing, it's nothing that
you'd probably share anything that we'd
asked you if we asked you the right questions.
You're not hiding anything, are you?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I don't know what I'm hiding.
What's the dark side
of Malcolm? Is it like what's you at your worst?
What's your behavior when you're
ashamed of what you just did?
Hmm, I get quiet.
All right.
Well, I mean, I think...
Oh, shame on you then.
He's been a good sport. That's not torture.
I could seriously talk to him for the rest of the night.
If you see Malcolm out there,
buy him a drink.
Malcolm, will you do me a favor and move to Los Angeles
and come be on the show every week?
Yeah, I'm sure we'll all be working for you.
Malcolm, everybody.
Thank you, Malcolm. Thank you for coming up.
The enigmatic.
Okay, I'm not going to sleep well tonight.
I don't have fucking answers.
Yeah. That's so good.
I think if our podcast
had done a gig in Columbine
at the right time,
we could have saved a lot of lives.
I don't know.
That's all I kept thinking.
I look at him and I see like a Ramon
and a Rick O'Caseyck.
Oh, really?
Jerry Newman.
I live in their own internal world
that all of a sudden are volcanoes
of some sort of artistic expression.
Do you guys see the Cobain documentary?
Yeah.
Maybe Malcolm is a new Cobain.
Maybe he's struggling with stomach pain
and he can't wait to try heroin
and blow his brains out
and write some great songs.
That was a great documentary.
Dan, can I make a little interlude here
and talk about a place that I went to today
before coming here
and meeting you at the little bar over there?
It's a place I have not been to in six years.
It's a strip club called Union Jacks.
Are you guys familiar with Union Jacks?
Union Jacks is a great little strip club.
Especially in the daytime.
When I went in there today, I was the only guy in there
and was wearing a suit as I do.
There was one girl on stage
and she wasn't the thinnest of strippers.
She was having the most fun
and I loved her and she was fantastic.
She was teaching another stripper
out on the floor, out in the bar,
how to twerk.
And then another stripper came off the street
like she was coming on, like she was on duty.
Now there's three of them and I came back from the bathroom
so I got in line with them and we were all twerking together.
I found out I twerked better than one of them
but worse than the other two.
Then one girl came in
and she had her arm in a cast
and she got up on stage
and she was like, hey, can I do the double lampshade?
She named some dance move.
No, you can't do that with your broken arm.
But she was doing it.
It was the greatest fucking thing in the world.
So there was strippers with like eye patches
and fucking knee braces and broken arms
and everybody was twerking
and they also, I told them,
they said, what are you doing in town?
I said, I do a comedy show.
They said, bring everybody back after us.
They go, our fans are a little socially awkward.
They go, we love socially awkward.
So we're all going to Union Jacks
and we're all just going to get lab dances together.
Yeah?
I'm going.
Malcolm, you in?
Wait.
Is that Malcolm?
He raised his voice.
I got a hoot. Malcolm,
if nothing else happens this weekend,
you and I are going to a strip club together.
Oh, shit.
Is Ollie here?
Ollie, you're not here, are you?
Who?
I think our friend Ollie couldn't get into the show.
I didn't realize.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Ollie.
Also, I want to thank Ben for giving us cool records
before the show. Ben, you out there?
Thank you, brother. Ben gave me a groovy
Everly Brothers thing and was it called Hidden Christians
or Secret Christians or Nervous Christians?
I've never heard of them and it sounds groovy.
All right. Okay.
So here's the thing.
I'm going to show you guys my dick.
Oh, I forgot to tell you one last thing
about the strip club.
One more thing.
The reason I brought that up, I forgot.
One of the strippers there looks exactly
like a, you know,
suicide girls like Tattooed, kind of punk rock chicks.
If a stripper was a suicide girl
but looked exactly like King Joffrey
from Game of Thrones.
And when we go there later on,
you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.
That sounds really great, right? Yeah.
Like as a girl, that's great.
It gave me the strangest
half erection of my life.
Okay.
So did I talk about this?
I got very drunk
a couple of weeks ago.
And this is a confession.
This is the confession segment.
This is called Rock Bottom
Moment of Clarity
Intervention.
Do you want some music? Yeah.
This is a new segment because I'm not proud of these moments.
Actually, can you keep this playing?
This is perfect to just keep playing.
Okay.
So here's what happened.
I'm going to go through it fast,
but when I go through it fast, you're going to be like,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Why did that happen?
The answer is because clearly I'm an alcoholic.
I
had a few
guests over at my house
and I farted
while backing
out of the room.
Did you stop it?
Or is this still playing?
Okay.
The song doesn't listen to your story.
And as soon as I
farted,
everyone in the room went,
which was crazy
because it felt like the fart moved
at the speed of light.
I was like,
because I was leaving the room to fart.
And I was like, you guys smell that?
And they're like, yeah.
And then one of them said, Dustin was there,
our producer.
I'm farting now, as I say in this story.
But that's not important.
Just to lend the story a verse and multitude.
I
heard it.
You could hear it?
You heard it?
I heard it!
I'm sitting 12 feet away from you.
That's crazy.
That's distracting.
The track is 2 minutes 10 seconds left.
2 minutes 10. You want to start over?
The track is only 2 minutes long.
Oh shit.
So I'm humiliated by this story.
Although that all overshadowed everything.
I was backing out of the room and I farted.
And then everyone went,
and I was like, you could smell that?
And someone said, yeah.
Did you shit your pants?
And I said,
no, no.
This is how drunk I was.
I went into my bedroom
and I took off my pants
and my underwear.
And I was going to put on pajamas
and I was going to put on pajamas.
But instead I
walked back into the living room
with my
underwear
to show my house guests
that I hadn't
shit my pants.
And Dustin
was there
and his girlfriend Elizabeth
who's like half my age
and I was wearing a t-shirt
and she was like,
oh, no.
And I was like, no, I didn't shit my pants.
And I was like
6 years old showing them.
And everyone was like, get out of here.
Get out of here.
We can see your balls.
That's what they kept saying. We can see your balls.
You came back in with nothing on?
I had a t-shirt on. I thought it covered my balls.
Oh no.
What?
I'm not bragging.
I guess they could still see my balls.
That's something you'd risk?
I'm not bragging.
That is certainly not bragging, sir.
I was that drunk.
That's kids don't drink that much.
And I went back in
and I put on my pajamas and I came back in
and I was like, I'm so sorry.
And they were like, why did you do that?
And I kept going, I wanted you to know
I didn't shit my pants.
Why couldn't you just say that?
That you didn't shit your pants.
I was like, I didn't think you'd believe me.
And they were like, why couldn't you put on pants
to come out and show us you didn't shit your pants?
And I said, because if I took too long,
you'd think I just
grabbed fresh underwear
to fool you.
Because I was six years old in that moment.
I was like, it was insane.
You guys should not drink as much as you do
is the point of my story.
You should be careful.
You should take it easy.
I'm fine.
But you guys are young
and you can improve yourselves.
If you had shit your pants,
would you walk back in and show them
that you had or not?
No, I would have hit it.
I would have thrown them out the window.
Now, Dan, our time is shorter.
Should we get into a little shadow run or no?
How much time do we have left?
25.
We have like 20 minutes.
Can I tell you one more thing
about the daybreakers
with Ethan Hawke?
Daybreakers is about vampires
and the future daybreakers...
vampires,
or as we call them, daybreakers,
have taken over the world
and so humans are a minority
and
we're using them for their blood.
And Ethan Hawke
is a
phlebotomist, I guess you would call him?
He's a blood specialist
and he's talking to his partner in a blood lab
and he goes like
he's working really hard
to come up with a synthetic form of blood
because he loves humans and he doesn't think
we should farm humans.
And his partner goes like,
yeah, come on, we're ready to go with the synthetic blood.
The animal testing is almost finished
and as he says that
he hands
Ethan Hawke a headshot
of a chimpanzee
with fangs.
I gotta tell you,
it's like the best movie that's ever been made.
We're almost done with the animal testing.
Chimpanzee with fangs.
It's like a...
Why does the chimpanzee have a headshot?
It's like a fang.
Was it an 8x10 black and white?
Yeah, it was black and white.
8x10?
Yes, 8x10 black and white headshot
of a chimpanzee with fangs.
It said William Morris Agency at the bottom.
I did not say that.
Special talents, Russian accent.
Can swim.
All right.
Now, that's it.
I said we play a little
Shadowrun.
Is it a good idea
by applause or a bad idea
if we bring Malcolm up to play Shadowrun?
Malcolm's gotta...
Malcolm, come up.
Malcolm, would you mind coming up?
Malcolm's gotta play.
And then we should balance it out.
Erin told me I shouldn't
ask for always women
because it's like, oh, women are...
Because she saw Mad Max and she's like, well, women aren't...
But I was like, well, yeah, but women...
She said like, well, when DeMorge
isn't there, you don't ask for a black guy to come up.
And I was like, well, race is an artificial construct.
Gender is not.
Kaboom.
We need women up here.
All right, get the fuck up here.
I like that sort of initiative.
You better not be black is my point.
Better not be black.
Wait, is that Nancy?
That's Nancy.
Nancy who we met earlier. Hello, Nancy.
If you get a chance afterwards, smell Nancy.
She smells terrific.
Oh, yeah.
Is that you with the Super Dimples?
Yeah, look at those dimples.
I think it's Super Nipples.
Nancy, you got those Super Nipples?
Those two.
Sure, nipples.
Silver dollars.
That's a callback to the Dick Brothers.
I know, I know it is.
That's the average nipple size.
Is it right?
That doesn't matter, right?
Are you above or below average, Nancy?
Above or below average nipple size?
I don't know.
Is that the average?
You said it with assurance.
I'll change your subject.
All right.
Spencer, would you mind...
I'll come over there and pass out the things.
Oh, thank you, Jeff.
Is this enough people? Do you want any other performers?
This is plenty.
Is my dick big enough?
Yeah, it's fine.
It doesn't matter, right?
It doesn't matter.
You want to be...
Do you want to be Camille or DeMorge?
DeMorge.
Oh, yeah. Malcolm should be DeMorge.
You're hard to guide.
You're dick perfect.
But your dick...
It can be small.
And you can still be
satisfying
to people.
Yep.
That you sleep with.
I'm sure if it's huge,
that's great.
I'm sure that's great.
But...
It's not that big a deal.
It doesn't need to be big all the time.
It's my point.
Some people report discomfort
with overly large sized members.
Spencer Crittenden reporting.
Yep.
Just looked it up.
Spencer, is it true they call you
Coke Can?
What?
Oh, no, I mean,
I'd say mine's probably...
What? 5.5 is average, right?
That's not what mine is.
These guys have 6.5.
Yeah, and I would dispute that.
I'd say 5.5 is more...
I'm not saying that's mine.
6.5 is a bit under
average, yeah.
With, you know, decimal points.
6.5 sounds like a lot.
6.5 is above average.
My dick is shaped exactly like an ampersand.
And the silver dollar thing...
Silver dollar is above average.
Gert, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Silver dollars are
fucking giant.
Oh, okay.
50 cent pe...
Yeah, Kennedy, he's got a big dick.
Okay, guys, look.
We don't have a whole lot of show levels.
I'll go to Union Jacks and take our dicks out.
We'll fucking settle this shit later on.
All right, Spencer, do we have a guest
Shadowrun Recapper?
Yeah, this is Theo from Finland again.
Malcolm, how big is your dick?
Three.
Diameter.
He's saying diameter.
Radius.
Three radians.
The trash can lid.
800.
Super wide, but not very long.
All right, are you ready, Spencer?
Uh, sure.
Last time on Harmontown.
The gang was outside Mindplus Limited
where they cooked up an indeed
ingenious infiltration.
Jim Nightblade
pretended to have a cyber-eletic seeker.
Seizure
while Mercy and Dr. Friend
convinced the clinic's receptionist to admit Jim.
It worked.
Succeeding in their deception,
the team found themselves in the C-Beta ward
where but two security guards
hung around. I can't talk.
Dr. Friend unleashed tear gas grenades
in the room and left everyone
reeling and choking.
But would there be enough antidote for everyone?
Was their cover blown?
Do cyber eyes weep electric tears?
Would Harmontown ever come to Finland?
Find out.
You see, because he's from Finland.
Next time on Harmontown
Shadow Time Run.
All right.
Yay. Who was that by? Who was that guest?
What?
Well, what? Who wrote that?
Tail from Finland. All right.
I'll tell you one thing.
It's straight.
Now, Malcolm, do you follow the show?
Do you know what's going on here?
Nope.
All right.
You're kind of like our eyes and ears.
I don't actually have a trouble understanding.
It's fine.
Your language.
The words.
It might be Dustin Marshall
wearing a wig. You know what I'm saying?
It looks a lot like Dustin Marshall.
I think he looks like Dimitri Martin under cover.
All right.
Malcolm, follow your heart here.
So accurate.
I'm not in the room. So what's going on?
You guys, except for Jeff,
are in a hospital room.
There's a central table
like in the ones I've been to.
And there's also tear gas
fucking everywhere.
You're choking on the floor except for Jim.
No. Yeah. Jim's been antedoted
by Dr. Friend. The rest of you
tear gas is just full in the room.
There's a glass window leading
to the exterior and the door.
I use my high
composure to not succumb.
Well, you do.
It's
tear gas.
My eyes are really dry.
No.
They're full of painful tears, in fact.
What
tear, tear are we dealing with?
Like, tier 5?
Tier 5 tears. Tier 6.
You got to do the instance with
PVPs.
I never played World of Warcraft
for like 20 minutes.
So, we got two guards in here, right?
Yeah. No, they're on the floor.
You knocked them out before
getting antedoted.
All right.
Is the tear gas still flowing in the room?
It's fucking everywhere.
You can't even see. There's three
tear gas grenades worth of tear gas.
Is there a window in the room?
Which is rare.
A glass window.
I
summon the spirit
of the Native American wind eagle
and summon the wind eagle to go up there
and flap the wings so hard that it burst
the window and dissipates
the tear gas from the room.
That's so flapping hard.
The wind eagle is
like 20 feet wingspan.
It's a huge thing.
What force of summoning is this?
A force five, baby.
A force five?
I get under the nearest desk
to protect myself.
You do that.
You find yourself well protected
from a giant eagle who now exists
in the room.
I'm also very composed.
Highly composed
and full of tear gas.
There's an eagle that's got
golden plumage and also different
colored plumage because it's a spirit.
It's flapping around.
It's flapping up a storm, but
in so summoning
Jeff, what's your care?
Eve Liberty takes five
fading damage or drain damage
from the exertion of casting a spell.
Jesus.
Combined with the three you've taken earlier,
you're on the ropes here for consciousness.
You don't got too many spells
left in your brains.
That's pretty stunned right now.
I can't cast any more spells for a while.
May I please make a move?
Sure.
I would like to go outside the room
and say
to any nearby guards
hey,
we got some tear gas in here.
We've got a situation. Get in here.
You guys like to party?
Come over here.
We've got a serious situation.
Leaving the Golden Eagle behind,
you exit,
see Beta Ward,
and you see a guard.
He's at the end of the hallway. He's got a big rifle.
Hey.
Hey. We need your help down here.
Oh, yeah. I'm coming.
It's all fucked up. What do you need?
I need you to walk
in front of me and go into the room.
Why? What's up?
The room's crazy. It's a little crazy room.
No, that doesn't seem like any of my business.
Oh, so you're just going to hang out?
Yep.
I'll go back into the room then,
but I'm telling you...
What are you telling me?
It's crazy?
Yeah.
Be more descriptive.
There's tear gas.
It's a terrorist attack.
Shit. We should lock
the hospital down then.
Yeah, I'll follow you.
Okay.
I don't need to go anywhere. I'll just dial it in.
We'll turn your back to me.
Okay.
He pulls out his comm link and turns away from me
to dial a number.
I stun him. I stun him. I stun him.
I stun him.
You...
All right.
You go to stun him and you hit him right in the temple.
Right in the temple.
The electricity flows through him.
You hear the smoldering
something fleshy.
Or maybe not.
He drops to the floor and smoke exits
his ears.
911.
It's not really upon there.
I had to check in.
It's a very cute guard.
There's a large golden eagle chilling.
No, he's flapping his wings
to get the tear gas out of the room.
Oh, okay.
Wait, out of what? Out of the room?
Out of the window I was trying to burst.
Who?
I mean, how much wind...
I guess a lot of wind can burst a window.
Yeah.
All right. That happens.
Oh, man.
I don't know.
Well, yeah, tornadoes and shit.
Yeah, and those guys' dicks are huge.
Sure.
Well, it's all yes and each other tonight.
No, well, I just...
You know, I live in an earthquake area.
I'm not used to wind...
anything different than what it is.
My wife didn't do me a favor
by marrying me.
If anything,
she did herself a favor.
I think she did us all
a favor.
Cliff Hanger!
Oh, all right.
All right.
Thank you for coming to Harbor 10, everybody.
Let's thank you Nancy very much. Malcolm, everybody.
Oh, no.
The possibly
average-sized dick brothers.
Yeah, average-sized dick brothers.
Who else do we forget?
Well, it's Justin and there's Kevin.
Yeah, it's Spencer Crittenden
and everybody here, Dungeon Master of all time.
The guy I blocked on Twitter.
Justin Marshall on time.
Jeff Davis, your count told your mayor.
Mr. Dan Harmon!
The Everything Is Festival
and the City of Portland,
the governor of Oregon,
the Nat Sandwich.
Wonderful governor.
Nat Sandwich?
Yeah.
The mayor of Portland,
Carl Carlson,
and
the good men and women
of Portland's
correctional facility
and
the Hollywood Theater
Conservation Committee.
Yeah.
When you sit tees on the ocean,
you need to eat fish.
Yeah.
And when you do it all the time,
eat what you wish.
Yeah.
Portland!
We are in Portland!
Bridge, bridge, bridge, bridge!
Get the bridge to the bridge!
You're allowed to leave.
Yeah.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!